# Tweets Word Cloud

This project generates a word cloud from a collection of tweets. It processes the tweets, extracts words, and creates word clouds based on word frequencies.

## Project Structure

The project consists of the following files:

- `process_tweets.py`: Python script for processing tweets and generating word frequencies.
- `word_cloud.py`: Python script for generating word clouds from word frequencies.

### Input Data and Layout:

- `tweets.txt`: Text file containing tweets for word cloud generation.
- `stopwords.txt`: Text file containing a list of stop words to filter out from the tweets.
- `d3.layout.cloud.js`: JavaScript library for creating word clouds.

### Testing Files:

- `test_process_tweets.py`: Unit test module for the `process_tweets.py` script using the Python unittest module.
- `test_word_cloud.py`: Unit test module for the `word_cloud.py` script using the Python unittest module.

### Generated Files:

- `words.txt`: Text file containing word frequencies generated by `process_tweets.py`.
- `user_cloud.html`: HTML file displaying the word cloud of top users (usernames).
- `word_cloud.html`: HTML file displaying the overall word cloud.
- `hashtag_cloud.html`: HTML file displaying the word cloud of top hashtags.

## Usage

1. Run the `process_tweets.py` script to process the tweets and generate word frequencies. It will create a file named `words.txt` containing the word frequencies.
2. Run the `word_cloud.py` script to create word clouds from the word frequencies stored in `words.txt`. The resulting HTML files are `word_cloud.html`, `hashtag_cloud.html`, and `user_cloud.html`.
3. Open the generated HTML files in a web browser to visualize the word clouds.

You can also run the script `run_scripts.sh` to generate the HTML files.

## Dockerization

```bash
docker build -t tweets_word_cloud .
docker run --rm tweets_word_cloud
```

### Docker Image for running tests:

```bash
docker build -t tweets_word_cloud_tests -f Dockerfile.test .
docker run --rm tweets_word_cloud_tests
```

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! Feel free to fork the repository, make changes, and submit pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
